Hello
and welcome.
I got something fun planned for today.
I had a whole bunch of errands to run in
the morning.
But uh we're going to do something fun
because
I hit 20,000 followers. Actually blew
right past it. 20.4.
So here's the plan. I'm not going to
give away everything,
but we're going to be building an
environment.
We're going to be deploying the
environment. And there's going to be
audience participation.
That is what I will say for now. I got
about three hours to build stuff at the
moment, which should be plenty of time.
and then we'll get back to uh more
serious stuff likely tomorrow.
Oh yeah, also I finally got a
I got a temporary phone cuz I broke my
old one. You know you can buy phones
that look like this for a hundred bucks.
Not bad.
Okay, so
Uh, the first thing I need to do is
good morning.
Morning somewhere.
Let me make sure that uh we should be
fine like this, right?
Yeah. Yeah.
Thank you.
We're doing something fun to celebrate.
Well,
I'll give you a hint.
There will be audience participation
and uh it should take me about somewhere
between 1 and three hours to build this.
I had job as ML TV scientific wondering
what the split will be. Let me know what
the split will be, how much cloud can
help because I'm still new. Mobs and
tools and well, learn quick. And I
suggest the lower level you get, the
better. The less you just like try to
get Claude to do everything, the better.
agents
and uh this needs to be
multi-agent environment, right?
split between algorithm engineering.
It's all engineering. Well, there's ML
fundamentals and there is engineering.
Learn both.
Template. No, no, no, no, no. It's there
is C code. This is just we have a
template project that you basically copy
paste when you want to make a new
project. I'd love to have a way to cut
down on boiler plate. This is already
like a third of the boiler plate that we
used to require, but for now there's
still a little bit of stuff to set up,
you know.
So, we're setting up new env. And we are
going to have some fun
with this.
And there will be some fun surprises
along the way.
So, this should be the uh the core of
it.
Honestly, to be fair, I pro didn't watch
the podcast. Like, that was not my
response to Carpathy, right? That was my
response to people that kept jumping on
my stream like, "Oh, Carpathy is no
good." Right?
So, I didn't write like, "Hey, Carpathy
is stupid and wrong." I said, "I don't
care if he says this and anybody else
says this. Look, I don't care what
anybody says. I'm going to do this stuff
anyways.
I swear nobody on the internet can read
is a law skill. Reading, programming,
thinking in general.
Well, this is less appeal to authority.
Like these are actually generally pretty
good people."
Um,
the thing that I'm actually the most
impressed with uh about Carpathy is
Carpathy has a skill that I also pride
myself on and he's very very good at it.
Um, he's very good at making complicated
things simple.
And that is I used to think that that
was just good for like educational
stuff. It isn't. It's how you make a lot
of progress. Uh that's the thing that
I've always admired the most about him.
All right, there's your template.
Now what we're going to do is we're
going to grab uh this environment's
logic is actually going to be very
similar to target with some key key
distinctions and changes. Okay. So now
that we have a few people on the stream
I will give away a little tiny bit about
what we're doing today. We're building
we are building an environment. It is
going to look similar to target. There
is going to be substantial audience
participation and we're going to have
this deployed live later today uh to a
site that is not puffer.ai.
Thank you very much for your uh your PR,
sir. I will get to a whole bunch of PRs
this week. I'm a little bit behind on
merging PRs. I've kind of been doing
I've kind of just been grinding on
research for the last two weeks solid to
be honest with you. Um my plan is to
split most of the rest of this time this
week between catching up on PRs and
merging people's cool stuff and then
doing a little bit more on the
optimization side with the one exception
of today being I'm celebrating uh 20,000
followers and I'm doing a fun event for
you all right now.
Yes, only fins. That is the name of the
environment.
We are making only fins.
Why yes, good sir. We are in fact making
only fence
running and learning. Yeah. Yeah. I I
really wish I could just like merge
people's PRs instantly and stuff, but
the thing is like I'm really bad at
context switching,
so I kind of have to like do all of my
PR reviews at once and then I do them on
stream. And so I will actually go
through environment code, right? And I
will give feedback on stuff, but I have
to kind of batch a lot of them.
Very bullish jumper. Thank you. This is
the 20k follower special event. We are
doing something fun. There will be
audience participation.
Um, honestly, we should kind of just go
grab all of the code, shouldn't we? I
should have just started with target.
It's kind of funny. I wasn't expecting
that to happen and then I just made a
couple posts that happened to do well.
Like I was kind of expecting to get no
growth on X at all for the next couple
of months while I just really grind on
core research. But then, you know, there
was RL in the news and I made a couple
comments and here we are building only
fins.
I didn't know anything started yet. We
just started burns.
This is uh we are currently building the
environment
for the uh the community event and
there will be once it is done you will
see the audience participation. I'm not
going to say exactly what it's going to
be until I have the environment mostly
finished but it's going to be really
fun. You're going to be able to have
your agents on the website. I'll say
that much.
Nope. This is not Tinder RL. This is
only fins.
uh kind of burns like kind of it's going
to be
a bit different from that actually. If
you if you remember those old uh
competitive programming environments, a
lot of those would be really awesome for
RL. I posted a couple in the Discord
yesterday, like there is so much cool
[ __ ] to do around here
if you're into it.
And like for all skill levels as well. I
don't know your background.
I literally just saw your profile pick
and I was like, "Ah, I remember that
niche thing." H I want this guy to build
some RL stuff with us. That'd be fun.
That's about as uh as far as my brain
goes.
I probably should have started with this
as like I should have started with this
totally, but it's okay, you know.
What the heck?
[Music]
Accidentally forking nine front. They
can't stop modifying systems.
You know, systems programming is
basically bread and butter here. Like
essentially what I did. Okay. Is the way
that I did all this stuff with RL is I
was just the first RL like the first
actually experienced RL researcher to
get into systems programming at all.
Like that's basically all that it was.
I'm just like a very stubborn and
contrarian RL researcher who happened to
get into systems and nobody else
happened to like do that exact thing.
But that's actually it, believe it or
not.
Congrats on 20K. I just started, man.
We're building. We're going to have some
fun today and we're going to build
something cool. There will be audience
participation.
What was the action space for target?
Oops.
Oh, cool. The action space is actually
multi-discrete for target. That's even
easier.
with height. We don't need all this
crap, right?
Uh these ones are good, right?
Let's just get
One episode return an episode length.
We'll do these
No, there's actually neither of these.
So, let's just do like this. We'll make
it even easier.
Hold up. What am I looking at? You're
looking at uh Only Finn Spencer.
Why do you think Minecraft is not a good
environment for RL? All right. Two
reasons. And literally, I had I've had
this argument with people at Open AI as
early as like 2017. I literally gave a
presentation when I was intern there
that was like the Minecraft is a bad RL
environment slide deck. Number one, it's
slow as hell. Like unbelievably slow as
hell. Um, you could remake it, right?
You could totally remake the game and
have it fast though. So that's a pure
engineering thing. Okay, the second one
which you cannot get around is that
Minecraft is not actually like a complex
and interesting problem. Okay. The
reason that people do interesting [ __ ]
in Minecraft is because they're bringing
stuff they want to do from outside of
that game into it. Like there's no
incentive whatsoever to build a cool
house in that game, right? So if you
reduce the game to the actual objective
of winning it, it's kind of just like a
shitty overblown RPG with modifiable
terrain that you can finish in like an
hour or whatever, couple hours, few
hours if you're not good at it. Like
there's really not much to it. And stuff
like net hack is better in every
conceivable way.
The only reason people use it is
because, oh, it's Minecraft, but it's
completely stupid.
Completely.
That is for RL. That doesn't mean it's a
bad environment for AI, right? For LLM
[ __ ] sure, it's actually a really good
fit for that. But for RL, terrible
environment. Terrible environment.
makes a good and bad environment for RL.
A good environment for RL is human
interpretable. It's self-contained. So
like the stuff that you need to solve
the environment doesn't require you to
bring a ton of outside knowledge in.
It's very difficult to measure that, but
that's very important because otherwise
you get this asymmetric view of you
think that the problem's really easy
when it's actually really hard. Um, it
needs to be fast as hell. Fast SIMs are
really good. Even if you're studying
sample efficiencies, fast sims are good
because you can at least run more
experiments on your fixed like non-
Googlele scale hardware. Um,
and they should also be fun, right? They
should be fun.
Additionally, if they let you study like
some aspect of intelligence that is not
present in other environments, that's a
plus as well.
But sometimes you don't know that until
you've built the environment.
What do you mean that they're finite?
What's that mean?
like the map is like the terrain or the
map in them is bounded. Doesn't have to
be. Environment just means sim, right?
It's any interactable simulation,
right?
And a lot of research they're just games
but they can be other things as well.
Not at all. I can very very easily make
an infinite terrain RL environment.
Why would that be a constraint?
Well, okay. I guess practically
infinite, right?
Like, sure, you can't technically store
the x coordinate forever
You could solve
with torch. And man, you could solve
with uh you'd solve cartpole with two
cans and pieces of string. Yep. That's
what I've always said. So cartpole you
can solve with literally anything. Pong
you can solve with almost literally
anything. Breakout is the reason I do so
much stuff on Breakout is Breakout is
the simplest environment for which if it
does if you do well on Breakout, there's
a decent chance that you're going to do
well on everything else. And if it does
well on mazes, which is our grid
environment, then you're pretty darn
sure of it.
What are we doing here? All right. So,
we have uh only fins.
Does this thing work?
And we uh we comment out all this
weights.
Right? We comment out all our weights.
It failed to load a texture.
I think it failed to load a texture,
right?
Do not make the puffers eat other
puffers. That is horrible and sadistic.
You could very easily do something
that's like um
uh what was that game? Feeding frenzy.
All right, so here's the uh the plan. Um
the environment that I'm going to build
is actually very close to target, which
is why I'm starting with this as a
baseline.
maybe I should put the numbum goals
thing back in.
we're going to make it instead of seeing
all of the like seeing everything at all
times, you're just going to see the
nearest like n of something.
You're just going to see like the
nearest n things.
That's how it's going to work.
Okay.
And this is not
this is not ready yet. Like this.
And then we're going to have to sort.
Uh this is actually like a common thing.
What's the easiest way to sort like to
do an argort on this?
Hello, welcome.
What's the easiest way to do an arguort?
Thank you.
Um
just
I'm trying to use CNN for simple 2D
environment. Having a hard time. Is
there any Python example for CNN use?
Um,
yeah. I didn't I show you this.
Oh, we got another uh we got some stars.
Look at that. Very nice. Few new uh
newcomers start it.
Um,
you go to 20 branch because I don't know
why I think I took it out because it was
hard to deploy to see efficiently for
the snake environment. But if you just
go to 20 and you go to puffer liib and
you go to ocean
and you go to torch, then I linked you
the snake net here, right?
Like this is the the simplest possible
one. And this is like a pretty well-
tested net as well. Like this is a very
effective architecture.
or how fast it is.
Yeah, cuz I don't know how many puffers
I'm going to have.
Let me just implement the same thing
real quick here while I'm waiting.
Wait, I don't know how I should feed the
observation space into it. I couldn't
find.
There is no feed the observation space
into it. Like
here's the snake environment, right?
The obspace of snake is just a box and
it has two dimensions. If you give it a
box with two dimensions, it'll give you
back 2D obs input and you're good.
That's it.
It's not an Well, you can directly pass
an RGB frame. Do you actually have like
large image OBS though?
cuz like how are you having um
whatever
that's better just give me literal just
quick sort
and it should be smallest first, right?
Yes,
it is implemented in Pygame. Well, then
it's going to be absolutely terribly
slow, right?
Like why are you trying to use like
pixel obs game
the RL is fast and easy with puffer lip
guarantee only goes if you act like only
is holds It's like only valid if you
make your end fast.
right, let me uh let's get a little bit
of progress on this folks so that I can
get you all playing with this quite
soon. No need to take forever on a super
simple end. I pretty much I just have to
make it so that it can process um I just
needed to make it so it's not like a
fixed number of agents environment,
right? So that the obs doesn't change
based on the number of agents you have.
And then add a couple small features
and you'll see what a big difference
it's going to make though in uh in the
cool thing that we're going to develop.
and let's do a quick arg sort.
And we do like this. And now we have
this. Cool.
What? I can transfer empty to Why are
you rendering at all?
No, you can't do 10,000. You can't do
a,000 by 600 frame rendering fast.
That's not a thing. Like, what is your
environment? Why are you rendering it at
all
like during training?
Exactly. Like why can't you just pass
state or even partially observe local
state as obs? It's so much easier and
faster.
Like could I make some pixel ms work
reasonably well at like at least usable
speeds if I really wanted to try very
hard? Yes. But is it a hundred times
easier to just pull local state?
Absolutely.
You think Dota trained from pixels? It
didn't
It's not exponentially harder can like
it's not even harder to learn from
pixels is the thing about it, right?
It's not like researchers had this idea
that like oh yeah it's just hard to
learn from pixels. It's not true. It's
not hard to learn from pixels. It's
literally just slow.
Like I guess it's hard in the sense that
you have to burn more GPU hours, but
like you know you could also make the
problem by tying your hands back behind
your back and typing all your code with
your nose.
possible to create a Dota environment?
Well, they just use Dota is the thing.
They use the actual game. We have like a
miniature moa that we made that's
nowhere near the complexity of Dota, but
it looks kind of similar and it's fun.
Actually, we used the actual Dota map in
our MOA, but I didn't really take that
project far enough to get anything super
cool out of it, which I absolutely
should have, but
that one took quite a while to build.
Maybe we're ran out of time to do stuff
with it.
Okay, so
pretty good.
Oh, this is a fun game. Cool.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. This is cool. I forgot
about this. So, like what you do
basically, you still write a renderer,
but the render so that you can play the
game, right? What you would do is you'd
make the observations like just figure
out the nearest 10 objects or whatever
and then give it the positions like the
relative positions of the nearest 10
objects. Yeah. Like do something like
that.
Yeah. For something like this, you can
totally just have you can just give it
like partial observed state in the sense
of the nearest n objects.
It's funny.
You just have points that you just like.
Yeah, that's a totally that's like a
totally fun little game. You can make a
fun RL environment out of this. Don't
render it in pixels though. You'll be
sad.
You will be sad.
Okay, so here's our environment now with
static obs.
Uh,
Well, you can
you can give it relative positions, you
know. You could give it their health.
You could give it like whatever else to
bullets and other things. Yeah. You
don't need a confet. You would just use
you'd use a MLP CNN
Doesn't need numb goals. This is always
just fixed
agents is eight.
And uh the cool thing is this will
generalize. Nice.
machine learning in this manner is about
conducting causality through a
framework.
Wait, what? Conducting causality through
a framework? I do not know what that
means, sir.
I do not know what that means.
Uh, uhoh.
why is this updating everything when I
do this? I'm sure this is just going to
break my entire bloody environment. I
don't want to update.
I guess I should just do the damn update
and hope it doesn't break stuff because
if it breaks stuff for me, it'll break
stuff for everyone else.
All right, we're getting there, though.
So,
I'm going to drop this stupid package.
if they're pinning torch 2.9 in their
depths.
Like, did they just update and break? I
think they didn't do breaking change,
but still, you should not be touching my
CUDA as a freaking optimizer library.
Let's see if we have um our Alex
correct. This is 20.
And if I check theh
Can't beat my env catastrophic. You
can't beat any size or what?
up for ages.
Okay. Well, then like cool. You have
something that beats that means you have
a benchmark end, right?
So like
if you make a version of your end that
randomly samples up to size n byn and
you set it to like 6x6 max then you have
a benchmark m that's unsolved right
that's a good thing that means we have
something to improve on
and it could be the architecture could
be any number of things but that's like
a useful contribution
saying oh no I can only solve like some
instances of my problem and I can't like
these instances seem hard like cool now
we have a benchmark All right.
No, it doesn't. There's no way that your
6x6 end is harder than uh some of the
other stuff in Puffer. No way. Not a
chance. You have the problem framed in
some silly way. I'm sure. If you told me
it doesn't work for 10 x 10, then that's
another story.
Needs planning ahead. Yes, because not a
single environment in Puffer Lib
requires any planning ahead, right?
Well, it's possible you're not giving
the the uh agent the numbers in a format
that makes any sense. I will be happy to
look at it for you, but we are doing the
community event at the moment. Come be
part of the community event as soon as I
finish building the environment for it.
Welcome, Finn.
I'm building only fence.
It's like I have to just not merge
anything to main ever because it's like
every stupid PR I merge break [ __ ]
At least I don't ship new pit packages
for this.
I guess Heavy Ball changed it so it's
like just compiling everything.
This is why you have no depths because
otherwise people break your [ __ ]
right? This works.
If this does anything. This I imagine is
hanging because we don't have ops.
Right. Right.
eight.
Wait, no. This is four obs*
four. Eight times.
This is four things times two. This is
16.
This is 20 ops, right? Which is what we
have specified. This is correct.
Yes.
And then we have instar actions.
Okay. So now
we see what silly mistake I've made
here.
yeah, I should have literally just copy
pasted the hole.
They solved Wordle using UV.
That's funny.
I actually don't think depths are hard.
I think that we do them in a very stupid
way.
Like
what should happen, right, is that you
should be able to have different
versions of the li the same library
installed and used by different
packages.
You shouldn't get these version
conflicts. Everything should be
namespaced separate.
Get your numbum agents is numbum m times
numbum agents.
Good
mum
agents.
close to hackathon. Awesome. Puffernet
on hardware. I am excited.
Uh today, Jess, we are building only
FIMS.
We're celebrating 20K.
I'm honestly tempted to just keep the
one piece of code that I wrote on this
and to just go copy paste uh like go
copy paste target from scratch because
somehow I broke it.
You shall see. This is a community
participation event or it will be when I
stop being stupid and I actually get the
M to work. Um
Oh, cuz you're dummy. You're dummy. This
is why
how you came up with the name.
Well, it's only f
FAQ.
Why is it called puffer lip? Would you
have rather yet another minimal tech
logo? Here, have a puffer fish.
Okay.
So,
Okay, so these are very hungry puffers.
You see?
And the reason these puffers are very
hungry is because you all have not been
starring the GitHub enough. If you feed
the puffer some stars over here, they
won't have to be as hungry over here.
Now, believe it or not, we actually are
almost, even though this is not going to
really look anything like the uh the end
that we're building, we are not that far
off. There are only a few small changes
that we have to make for this.
Nope. Web Assembly.
We do not run a Python library on the
website. We run pure C.
I wrote my own little C version of uh
PyTorch
and then we run the networks on that.
Training is just PyTorch. We export the
nets. We load them into C.
He refuses to write PyTorch for his
training loop. What?
What do you mean?
All right. So, the thing I'm uh
floundering on here is uh I just there
are a couple different things we got to
do
with the goal spawns
in order to make this work. And since we
now have quite a few folks on YouTube, I
will give away a little bit more of what
we're doing here. We're going to make a
custom version of this M. It's going to
play a little differently.
And you all are going to be able to
submit me agents. And the agents are not
all going to be trained on the same
version of the EN, but they're all going
to run on the same version of the EN.
And they're all going to go on the
website today.
So, as soon as I figure out how to write
this, like these last few things, um,
we're going to have a build of this. And
yeah, you're going to be able to submit
me some puffers. It'll be fun.
This is the
This is my idea of a
special of community event.
Agents means agents as in you submit me
the model file. The trained agent.
Yep. You're going to give me binary
files. You're going to give me binary
files and your puffers are going to go
on the website.
They're going to puff around together.
You get to write reward functions and
much more. You shall see.
The agents will interact sort of. They
will be able to sort of see each other
and they do sort of interact. Actually,
the degree to which they interact is
going to be part of your job, which is
going to be the cool part.
This is also going to be a very simple
community event. Like basically anybody
here watching who's interested will be
able to get involved in this. This will
be like even simpler than writing a
really basic EN because you're just sort
of modifying an existing one.
Yep.
Thank you.
I don't understand why on earth they
would bot our server when we write the
bots around here, right?
We write the bots.
Trying to think
easiest way to do this.
You say that, Jess, but I could actually
make that work, believe it or not. The
only thing is that uh it would be very
difficult. Writing the human reaction on
the sim would be very difficult.
But whatever.
Uh,
No, we don't do RHF. We don't do
language models. We do everything but
language models.
I want to get this end out so we can uh
start having the interaction portion.
Why do I not remember the freaking click
button?
Um, we will have different colored
puffers.
Yes, technically, yes. But it's not
really built for that in the sense that
like you're probably doing language
models. If by RHF you mean language
models then no. If you mean like can I
hack puffer to do some cool in the loop
stuff then probably. It is really fast,
right?
All right, I'm going use the restroom
real quick and we will continue on this.
So,
the stars are going to be spawned on
click. That is your next hint as to what
we are doing.
My legs are beat
up so much.
What happened with um
Wait, did they break Super Maven?
The puffers are not supposed to be able
to go off the screen.
What are you doing, page?
I don't really like this to be honest.
It's like 30.
I kind of prefer Well, I have two
things. First of all, I have my repeat
speed increased. And then I also can
just like, you know, I can do this,
Oh, hell. Not only fins. Yes, we do.
I think I will reveal since it's taking
me a while to code this. I will reveal
the next surprise. Well, the next
surprise I will reveal when we at least
have a prototype build. You will see
what I'm going to go do with this. I did
something else. I did something else
quite amusing. Let's say
You can't eat the stars, right? You
going to eat the star puffer? Yeah,
you'll eat the star, right? Okay, delete
the starsum.
Of course,
it is getting more adopted though like
the growth is a very it's like growing
very quickly.
probably like the largest growing RL
like the fastest growing RL library
right now as well.
It's like fish food. Ah, yes it is like
fish food. Very clever.
Oh, that is a very nice PR.
Young, I'm planning on going through a
whole bunch of PRs this week. I'm going
to batch all of them. This is actually
uh one of the things I'm super excited
for. Let me finish this thing though
that I'm working on right now. All
right.
And we will do I'm going to do a full
because I want to do a full review of
this when I do this this week. We are
doing a uh a 20k follower special
community event right now.
It involves this environment and um
well a few other things. Let's say
right. So, that's most of what we need.
Uh there's one other thing.
Wait, is this um like merge now or what
am I do or But
Yeah, but this break [ __ ]
The thing is I'm pretty sure that this
I'm pretty sure this breaks [ __ ]
Do I need Wait, do I need a train mode
flag?
I don't think I need
The one little tricky thing about this
end is it's going to behave differently
at training and test time,
Tetris harder now. It looks fun to
watch. What do you mean making it
harder?
Do I stick with 1 mil SPS knowing that I
know works or do you refactor moved
logic?
Um,
it depends what ends up being the
bottleneck, right? Like what percent are
you spending on your end of time?
Like can you just run more cores? What
are you doing?
Definitely save and commit your current
stuff obviously.
looks like the bulk and meat of the RL
algorithm more so than the other
previous. This is not the learning. This
is the environment code right here. But
uh there will be this is part of a
community event where I'm going to be
done with this env.
And then you all are going to be able to
submit me agents. It's going to be fun.
Ah, levels drop speed increase added.
Okay, awesome.
Full Tetris.
I'm down with full Tetris.
Cool.
So
now I just update
I just update the mouse position.
UI test playing against agent. Ray is
awesome.
Rayb is awesome.
Okay. Here we have some only we have
only fins. There are only fins around
here. Yes.
eating stars.
Cool.
2D is conversion to Python. Yeah, it can
be. If you write your end in Python and
then you see end of time is a big chunk
of your uh your performance, then you're
bottl necked by Python.
Python is just an obnoxiously slow
language.
Let's see if we can train a decent only
pins agent
and then we will uh I will set the rest
of this thing up and then we will
explain what we are doing
and then you you guys will be able to um
request a few changes to the environment
if anything would make it easier before
I launch it officially and open it up
for you guys to make the agents.
So, look, you can play with the puffers.
Yeah.
We can probably make it a fair bit
easier
No, the puffers do not get death rays.
That is not a thing that will happen.
Do not hurt the puffers.
The puffers are friendly. Okay. Puffers
are friendly creatures.
And then there are two more small things
we have to do with this before we begin
taking requests.
we make the puffers different colors,
do you think? Or should we just have
them all be blue?
Does this package come with character
customization?
Do you design this whole thing and see
live? This is a variant of a an
environment I've written on stream
before, but yeah.
Okay, let's see
the star down here.
They know. Takes them a second to figure
it out.
Okay, there's some puffers. You can play
with them.
Calibrate how random their movements
are.
No, I'm just making sure I don't have
like this entire thing completely bugged
and that generally they will go get the
stars.
They're also kind of speedy, aren't
they?
I think the puffers are a little too
fast.
Let's see how it looks if they if I just
half the speed.
give them momentum. They have um they
have momentum.
They do have momentum. So they have a
they have acceleration which means they
have momentum.
Okay. So, do we want rainbow puffs or do
we want them all blue?
I kind of like them just being blue. It
might make them hard to tell apart,
though.
I kind of would We could put them name
tags.
Uh, okay. And the next thing is
how do we do names?
Okay, look at that. So, we can do agent
names like this, right?
That's going to be your usernames.
You're going to have your usernames with
the puffer.
Uh, I will begin taking requests for
features as soon as I have the
prototype, my friend.
And we will add
add this thing.
now
let us get the uh I want to get the
deployment ready.
Actually, Grock can totally fix this up
for me.
All right.
because this is a very a very very
simple thing I want to do.
Uh, I just have Brock already anyways
because of Twitter.
I messed this up. Let me here. Let me
new chat. Do this. Do this.
is just a super routine thing. And then
we will talk about what you guys can do
with this. We'll take requests to change
the environment. I just want to see if
Well, we'll take requests for the
environment next and then we'll get it
deployed
and you'll see the the last little twist
I've gotten for this.
But this is the idea, right? So, I'm
going to have it so that you can just
basically PR yourBIN file to the repo
and it'll just pick up the bin file and
boom, your puffer will be in the game.
RL is going to be a lot cooler I think
than language models.
N convert it'll just be like convert.bin
or whatever you want the name to be.
There's our puffer.
Hey, you very smart.
You're not very smart here, are you?
We'll seed it with a few more actually
is what we'll do.
But that's probably the issue.
Okay. What requests? I'm going to try to
train a slightly better model for this,
but what requests do we have for
environment changes? Um, here is
here is what is going to happen with
this. Okay.
Obviously, I'm going to clean up the
code a little bit.
This is the goal.
You are going to train a puffer. You can
do whatever you want as long as your
puffer works in the base version of the
environment. Okay? You can change the
end logic, whatever. Obviously, the
observations and the rewards have to m
the rewards, the observations and the
actions have to match. But you can train
in custom M. You can mess with the
rewards. You can't mess with the neural
net. The neural net stays the same. You
can mess with the hyperparameters. You
can mess with anything else. Okay?
And your goal is to just make a fun
puffer to play with
that's different from everybody else's
puffer.
You have access to a couple of things
here. So, the puffers can see the
positions of the four nearest other uh
the four nearest puffers. the four
nearest stars.
So, they can see a little bit nearby,
but they can also see your mouse
position.
All right. You can train the puffers to
interact with the user's mouse in any
way you want and to interact and like to
go get the stars or whatever you'd like.
And then we're going to put everybody's
puffers. You're going to just PR your
puffer.
And we're going to put everybody's
puffer in the same big tank.
And here's the last here is the last
uh the last twist to this. Okay.
Here's the last twist I did just to make
this a little bit funnier.
Let me make sure I don't leak this.
I bought this domain.
[Laughter]
So, we're going to put this on
onlyfish.ai.
[Laughter]
I'm going to I'm going to copy paste the
website, the puffer website. I'm going
to just strip everything else out so
it's just like the main page with this
env. And then we're going to put like
links to everybody's GitHub and stuff.
So you basically you can PR yourBIN and
you can PR your like your name to the uh
the index file with a link to the repo
for your train code and stuff.
The puffers can see up to four things
like nearby. So they can see up to four
nearby puffers, maybe three including
them, like if they're not including
themselves. And uh they can see four
nearby stars. And they can see your
mouse.
Can we buy subscriptions for different
fishes? That would be hilarious.
If there were an easy way to do that,
that would be so funny.
So, yeah, this was my idea for like a
quick hack together, a little challenge
uh competition for all of you. The goal
is purely to make a fun puffer to play
with.
So, an easy thing to do, right? You can
just have a puffer that eats the most
stars. Sure. But
they also know where your mouse cursor
is.
And you can train it however you like,
right?
But I put in this little basic thing to
randomize the mouse position.
Okay, these puffers get dumber on this
signal if I train them for too long.
Uh,
how does the mouse cursor work if
everything is on your big tank? What do
you mean?
So, when you're in the website, you'll
be able it'll like know your cursor
position and you'll be able to play with
them.
is an obsum if the object is a puffer or
star. Uh implicitly yes
The puffers are randomly placed, but
like the end does not reset.
Uh, the competition is open for until I
get bored of merging more puffers in.
Uh yeah, this is annoying that I don't
know why for some reason we've like made
the end screwy or something. I want to
make sure we have a stable training
model.
Yo, Akash, welcome.
We are uh we're doing something very
very silly at the moment.
I just have to get this baseline stable.
So, um
okay, here's the idea.
We are building only fins in which you
have an environment. You're going uh
there's an environment. You get to mess
with it. however you want and you submit
to me a puffer and then the puffer goes
on the website with everybody else's
puffer in the same tank.
And here's the fun part.
It's going on only fish.ai.
Oh, it's supposed to be only fish, not
only fins. Right. Right. Only fish.
[ __ ] I named it wrong. [ __ ] All right,
I'll uh I got to rename everything real
quick.
I forgot that Only Fins was what I was
trying to get and uh Only Fins was taken
by a Finnish dating site. I'm not even
joking. Uh I'm going to commit this
though so I don't mess it up first.
Yeah, Only Fins is better, but it was a
Finnish dating site, so
No, it was not.
This is like a super old idea.
I don't think it was his idea to be
fair. It's so long ago. It could have
technically been, but I It's like I
don't think so.
dude. I don't watch the podcast.
So, I've basically been working nonstop.
I've done nothing at all. Uh, like until
yesterday, I did not even until
yesterday. Until today, I've done
nothing at all other than uh research
dev on Puffer 4, like client work and
working out. I've had zero spare time.
And then yesterday, I lifted weights all
day.
Oh, that's not true. I also lifted
rocks.
How much did the car path?
I don't know. I actually don't know if
that was part of it or not
cuz he just replied. He didn't retweet
it or anything.
I've been building some really cool
stuff lately, though.
This is just for funsies today. Like,
this is just me taking a break, doing
something silly to celebrate stuff with
the uh the community. And hopefully this
will end up being kind of cool, right?
Like, this will be kind of like this
will be kind of fun.
Okay,
community project maybe. Yeah, and it
kind of everything is, but we can do
more fun stuff like this now and again
if this ends up being cool. Uh, let me
figure out how we are going to get this
onto
the website.
I think I got to make a
private repo.
Why not make it a separate branch?
Because building docs pages off of
branches sucks, dude.
Can you even do that?
I don't think you can even do that.
No,
you can't even do that.
Let's get this this actually built
first, I guess.
Okay, now somebody remind me how we do
the whole custom website Dang,
Yeah, I know. It never freaking works.
Opus.
I've done it a million times. It always
screws up somehow because I'm on dev.
I'm deving in like a million containers
and [ __ ] always
And I have to go do this from names
cheap real quick. I think
And nice merge conflict. GitHub. Real
smart.
You not Yeah, I do. And then I take
breaks for a bit. But like I can do this
stuff for weeks on end. And I'm like
revolutionizing a field of science here.
Each if you actually look at what is in
each major update to Puffer, each major
update to Puffer Libiter changes what
you can do in the field of RL. People
are starting to catch on to that. It's
not broadly known yet, right? It takes a
while for people to realize, but like
the stuff you can do in 2 is
qualitatively different from what you
can do in 1 and 3 0. Um, and I can
pretty much map out like the very
precise technical steps that I take from
40 to 50 that will just put RL on the
map as a mature sub field of AI. And to
be able to do that as like a little tiny
private lab with a big open source group
uh is kind of awesome
and then I do silly stuff like this once
in a while.
How do you make money?
How does it Yeah, like companies pay for
custom SIMs, priority service,
contracted R&D.
Depends, Kevin.
Super basic stuff starts at 10K a month,
goes up from there.
At this point, we're mostly quoting for
um like we're quoting for specific
projects.
Yeah, we have pricing on the website. At
least the bottom end of it.
No, that doesn't remotely sound
expensive, Jess.
Like right now it's still super
underpriced because we're uh relatively
small.
Like we do still offer um we still do
offer 10k for like basic support, but we
are no longer doing um we're no longer
doing custom sims that low anymore.
10k is now like mostly just um
you know extended support.
something like logistics tens of
millions. Yeah.
The Starbucks does Starbucks actually
have its own is that actually a thing
Use a rest room and uh hopefully this
gets deployed. We'll like minimize the
web page and then you guys any additions
we want to the environment, think about
some stuff and you guys are going to be
able to start submitting me agents. I
mean they take 30 seconds to train. So
you just mess with some rewards and you
can probably have uh different agents.
We're going to probably do one agent per
person, but you're going to be able to
update your agent over time. So, you can
like just submit something and then you
can change it.
It turns out when you do 43 sets,
oops, let me drink.
It turns out when you do 43 sets in a
day and go lift a bunch of rocks outside
as well for the hell of it and do a
bunch of stretching and all um you get
to be really sore.
Why were you glazing Carpath?
Cuz I I met like I met Carpathy when I
was like 16, dude. He's awesome.
I interned in Fe's lab when he was a
student there. So I got to chat with him
a bunch back then.
I don't follow him for his LLM takes
though,
Okay, this DNS check is going. Let's see
if in the meantime we can clean this up.
Are you also running? Yes, I'm running
um
well, not on Sunday. I'm not, but I run
27 28 miles a week. I think 5.7*
5.
Yeah, 5.7 miles in the morning Monday
through Friday. Hard trail as well. It's
like really soft earth and like tall
grass.
No, your model has to be the same
architecture.
You can't change the architecture.
That's too annoying for me to mess with
in the sea. I got dinner in 15 minutes.
Let me see if I can get an initial demo
page.
I am going to do an evening stream as
well for you guys. So, um because we're
going to get this up and running today.
Uh the environment right now, by the
way, it's uh it's been pushed to 3 0.
So, we're going to probably make some
enhancements and stuff, but you guys can
already start playing around with the
rewards uh the reward signal and stuff.
The directions are in the file. So, if
while I'm at dinner, if you guys want us
to try this,
it should be pretty simple.
The environment is only fish
and then it has, you know, in the uh the
C or theh it has instructions
and it's all just this one file.
Pretty straightforward.
And essentially, you can start getting
your models ready because as soon as I
have this up on the website, you're
going to be able to start pring puffers
and they'll just like immediately be on
the website, which will be pretty
awesome.
I would love to have at least like a few
submissions by later tonight. Um, it's
going to be a lot of fun
and we'll take some requests on the end.
So, I'm not going to say that the ENV is
final yet. we might make some very small
tweaks that might cause you to have to
retrain the model, right? Like I might
want to norm the um the screen size
differently so that it works on
different res monitors or something like
that. But like high level is pretty much
what it is.
Should I put a prize on this stuff?
Should I put like a couple hundred bucks
on this?
I don't know if that actually helps or
or not.
The thing is it's very subjective,
right? It's like completely subjective
judging.
So that might be awkward. Yeah,
I think I'll just like feature I'll
feature the top few puffers on uh on X,
I think, is what I'll do because
otherwise it's like
subjective judging with cash prizes is
kind of bad.
Uh, we're kind of low on those at the
moment, Jess. I could do that.
We're kind of low on those.
I probably need to buy some more. And I
got to go for dinner. Um, so folks, in a
minute at least, I do. I will be back
right after dinner in like 30 40
minutes. Um,
start to like start getting your puffers
trained after dinner. It's like I'm just
going to clean up this site. We're going
to have the envon there and I'm going to
start accepting PRs for it.
I think that I'll like there's a I'm not
going to fully finish the site either.
I'm just going to like get it ready. Uh,
if one of you wants to make like this
into a nice one-page thing because I'm
kind of just minimiz like minimizing the
uh the old website. This can easily just
be one index page with like a little bit
of JavaScript if anybody wants to do
that. Cool. Um,
but I just want to get something
settled, you know.
I play tomorrow. Yeah, you can do
tomorrow.
Spencer, welcome
to Only Fish.
Uh,
so we have I am the proud owner of
onlyfish.ai
and we have a nice little environment in
which you train a puffer fish and
everybody's going to submit their
puffers and we're all going to throw
them into the same environment on the
website. You basically get to PR your
puffer.
No, but there are a couple cool things.
So, uh, in the deployment environment,
stars appear when you click. So, you can
click to drop food for the puffers, and
the puffers can see your cursor. So
based on these two things, you should be
able to train a puffer that is fun to
play with
and that is different from all the other
puffers. The puffers can also see nearby
stars and a few of the nearby puffers.
So you can get a lot of personality into
these fish.
All right. I will be back in 30 40
minutes after dinner for